all right this one is this yo what is up
guys it is yeah me oh no you hey d e poi
way I love doing this yeah let's see
what we're dealing with right now I'm
have to put this all back in place Oh
naked Jill me
guys we're getting my bet all hey guys
what we're doing today is the makeup
challenge but they're these two this one
and that one right there are putting our
me and clays makeup women make up now
they're gonna make me more beautiful
than before they were making that's my
heart now we gotta get her done ok so
let's get right into y'all should know
what the makeup business put makeup on
it she's putting it on me Clay's woman's
putting it on him so now we're zoomed in
so y'all can see what they're doing
yells press something to Sandy Hook
foundation on now I'm doing some bronzer
stop kissing you get this is so weird I
like it feels like my chocolate chips on
your face oh my gosh that's my ball you
see the shade is perfect can you stop
moving your head would you look hot it's
anyways are you HOT wait waiters what
are you Oh beautiful can already tell
this is now I'm gonna do some mascara
let's go with some Kailash where are
they off brush I brother lovely shady
the spotlight and eyelashes okay I'm cod
do that works wonders this makes my eyes
ha
no a lot of some girl put mascara it got
in my eye and I could open my mind what
are my eyes open your hand putting on
bling bling just keep going oh I now
know my eyes little water up eyeliner
everyone I know that look up oh yeah I
get ice cream on the girl which Allah
stuff I lender am I pretty girl no I'm
rival look just like my mom after this
how Coakley's beautiful hey wait Zack
come here I want to show my twin I don't
think hey boy oh my god I miss you okay
your very own nation I don't have
anything wrong good oh yeah don't tell
you guys I'm actually naked from here
down a particle toy that's funny wait
huh I got you fail no no one thing get
out wasn't one out okay not that much
Frank & Son cares wise me ok would be
funny dude it's not taste so good it
does lipstick gonna eat this up out
there oh my gosh you
okay wait clays done whoa beautiful clay
actually looks good I don't you guys
have a pretty girl it just said this
show are you gonna hold on are you going
to the camera folks on your face Gophers
it focuses oh my gosh you're so pretty
I'm like glistening it's me now yeah I
actually love that's so funny okay so is
it done yep um well I hate my life oh my
gosh wait if we were doing I can make
you a pretty yeah I got it wait it was
just look at autonation good it looks
better miry clay I think it is really
excised pot hold on check out my eyeball
right now cleans unison dude hey girl
let's see if this makes my life Wow oh
sorry we don't you got bossier
ferociously took that sandwich or
countdown for the outro ready to go five
four three thank you guys for watching
Oh much um we had a blast making me look
ugly and him look with delicious so yeah
I think you guys so much i love y'all
you can follow their social media i'll
put their minds i'll put up all their
instagrams down below and i'll put I
look adorable and i'll be up my vine
she's good in this alt all my stuff down
below my makeup for Dom right I'll do it
oh thanks for watching don't get
subscribe you kid up thanks guys thank
you like this sky but what should they
do like inside
yeah I think up watch out for this is
over I want you to invite up my twin oh
oh come in come in come in twin site we
look like dude like the video look alike
or what like the video if you think they
look alike he's my wife though I'm
actually clear what plot twists watchman
early and yeah you already heard
although